Memory Leak Meeting (12 October, 2020)
Topic: Discuss the finishing touches to the project. 
1. Debug the receipt output. 
2. Talk about how we are going to implement the add/delete food items functionality, as well as changing food prices.
3. Jeff and Lina were assigned to work on the add food button functionality
4. Nathan Tran was assigned to update the product backlog
5. Nathan Kim was assigned to do the “Big Oh” analysis


Memory Leak Meeting (5 October, 2020)
Topic: Progress Review Meeting
1. Nathan Kim was assigned to update the UML Diagram
2. Lina and Nathan Tran worked on the Receipt functionality.
3. Whole team worked on debugging the project.
4. Nathan Kim was also assigned to restructure the City class, and Input functionality.


Memory Leak Meeting (2 October, 2020)
Topic: Progress Review Meeting
1. Nathan Kim was assigned to work on the custom trip window.
2. Nathan Tran was assigned to update the food item display.
3. Lina was assigned to work on the “Shortest Trip to Paris” functionality


Memory Leak Meeting (28 September, 2020)
Topic: Progress Review Meeting
1. Michael Duenas was assigned to work on the recursive distance algorithm.
2. Michael Duenas was also assigned to output the total distance to Berlin.


Memory Leak Meeting (21 September, 2020)
Topic:  Debugging Meeting
1. The whole team worked on debugging the load button functionality.


Memory Leak Meeting (18 September, 2020)
Topic: Progress Review Meeting
1. Jeff Purdy was assigned to work on the user login functionality.
2. Nathan Tran was assigned to work on the UML
3. Nathan Kim was assigned to continue updating the City class.
4. Lina was assigned to update the use case diagrams.


Memory Leak Meeting (17 September, 2020)
Topic: Discussing how we will implement each cities distance from each other
1. Nathan Kim was assigned to modify the input function to accommodate geographic coordinates.
2. Reviewed how the input function worked (Both Nathan Tran and Lina Kang worked on this function).